I am not in a nuclear fusion reactor, if it is, then it would be great.
This seat is at the European Union Ring Reactor (JET) at the Callum Nuclear Fusion Energy Center.
Behind the vent door a few meters away
But there is not a place where humans can go in.
Even for maintenance. Its danger
Not quite the same as existing nuclear reactors
But it uses toxic base metals and things with trace amounts of radiation
This is an isometric model of the reactor
Used for training and teaching,
If you think the picture looks a bit strange
That's because the mirror is...you guys
See my photographer
Say hello!
I originally wanted to say that my photographer is a robot.
But strictly speaking, it is not because it is not a robot.
Because it does not accomplish tasks independently
It’s actually a remotely controlled robotic arm. Basically,
It is an extension of John in the control room
It's not as smart as a human arm
But it has enough freedom
Let you feel that you are there
Not far in the control room
You won't even realize that you are controlling the machine.
But as if you are immersed in your own work
You can see the various components around you in your mind.
In addition to the photographic lens, we also have a virtual reality model.
Give us very clear details so that you can work directly on the work surface here
Imagine that the components are right beside you.
In addition, its force feedback is very good, and the thin and tape-like objects feel it.
If you gently stroke your arm across a smooth surface
Can even feel the tiny details on the surface
We also need to maintain the ceiling
So the transporter will carry the robot arm
Upside down, up in position
So the operator is still standing here but the gravity has changed.
So we have to teach the operator how to deal with this situation.
There are a variety of remote remote control technology
One day, you can enter the practical application.
For example: virtual reality, gesture recognition, 3D camera
It’s all great stuff, if they work reliably every time.
And in the radiation environment 10, 20, 30 years later
Still working properly
This system can't be experimental, it can't be risky
The only way to repair or update the mechanical arm of this reaction furnace
Just send someone to come in
You can't take risks on this kind of thing
You have to use a device that you know is safe to operate.
In addition, I just asked if I can operate the robot arm.
The answer is yes based on the above reasons, but it is very slow to operate carefully.
[translation: johntdlemon]